---
title: 版本更新/升级操作
---

# 升级说明

:::note
- 准备一台海外2核4G服务器，操作系统选择CentOS 7.9（其他版本未测试）
- 在IDC控制台安全策略组中开放80端口和8080端口.
:::

## 镜像信息

### 社区版
```shell
 ✔ nanjiren01/aichat-db:latest
 ✔ nanjiren01/aichat-redis:latest
 ✔ nanjiren01/aichat-admin :latest
 ✔ nanjiren01/aichat-console :latest
 ✔ nanjiren01/aichat-web:latest
 ```


### 专业版
```shell
nanjiren01/aichat-redis:latest
nanjiren01/aichat-db:latest
nanjiren01/aichat-console:pro-latest
nanjiren01/aichat-web:pro-latest
harbor.nanjiren.online/aichat/aichat-admin:latest
harbor.nanjiren.online/aichat/aichat-util:latest
 ```

:::info
镜像由镜像名和Tag组成，例如: nanjiren01/aichat-web:0.11.2 代表0.11.2版本镜像，具体可以看 docker hub, harbor私有仓库。
:::

### Docker-Compose 修改镜像

直接修改docker-compose.yml文件中的image 即可。

随后执行:

```shell
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```
> Note: 一般更新无需修改镜像版本号

3. Update to the latest version of Ionic 7:

```shell
npm install @ionic/angular@7
```

If you are using Ionic Angular Server and Ionic Angular Toolkit, be sure to update those as well:

```shell
npm install @ionic/angular@7 @ionic/angular-server@7 @ionic/angular-toolkit@9
```

 `@ionic/angular-toolkit@9` requires a minimum of Angular 15. If you are still on Angular 14, then you can skip updating to `@ionic/angular-toolkit@9`.

### React

1. Ionic 7 supports React 17+. Update to the latest version of React:

```shell
npm install react@latest react-dom@latest
```

2. Update to the latest version of Ionic 7:

```shell
npm install @ionic/react@7 @ionic/react-router@7
```

### Vue

1. Ionic 7 supports Vue 3.0.6+. Update to the latest version of Vue:

```shell
npm install vue@latest vue-router@latest
```

3. Update to the latest version of Ionic 7:

```shell
npm install @ionic/vue@7 @ionic/vue-router@7
```

### Core

1. Update to the latest version of Ionic 7:

```shell
npm install @ionic/core@7
```

## Updating Your Code

### Browser Support

The list of browsers that Ionic supports has changed. Review the [Browser Support Guide](../reference/browser-support) to ensure you are deploying apps to supported browsers.

If you have a `browserslist` or `.browserslistrc` file, update it with the following content:

```
Chrome >=79
ChromeAndroid >=79
Firefox >=70
Edge >=79
Safari >=14
iOS >=14
```

### Types

1. `ActionSheetAttributes`, `AlertAttributes`, `AlertTextareaAttributes`, `AlertInputAttributes`, `LoadingAttributes`, `ModalAttributes`, `PickerAttributes`, `PopoverAttributes`, and `ToastAttributes` have been removed. Developers should use `{ [key: string]: any }` instead.

### Checkbox

1. Rename any usages of the `--background` and `--background-checked` CSS Variables to `--checkbox-background` and `--checkbox-background-checked`, respectively.

### Datetime

1. Remove any code that sets the `value` property to the empty string (`''`).
2. Remove any code that accesses the time zone information on the `value` property. Datetime does not manage time zones, so any time zone information provided is ignored.

### Input

1. Update any code that accesses the `detail` payload for the `ionInput` event from `event.detail` to `event.detail.value` as the detail payload is now an object containing a value and an event.

### Modal

1. Remove any usage of the `swipeToClose` property. Card modals are swipeable by default, so you can remove `swipeToClose` if you want your card modal to remain swipeable. Use the [canDismiss](https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/modal#preventing-a-modal-from-dismissing) property if you want to prevent a modal from dismissing.
2. Remove any code that sets the `canDismiss` property to `undefined`. The `canDismiss` property now defaults to `true`, so this code is no longer needed.

### Picker

1. Remove any code that accesses `refresh` on `ion-picker-column`. Developers should use the `columns` property on `ion-picker` to refresh the view instead.

### Searchbar

1. Update any code that accesses the `detail` payload for the `ionInput` event from `event.detail` to `event.detail.value` as the detail payload is now an object containing a value and an event.

### Segment

1. Remove any code that sets the `value` property to `null`. Developers should use either `''` or `undefined` instead.

### Slides

1. Remove `ion-slides`, `ion-slide`, and any associated types. These components have been removed in favor of using Swiper.js directly. The guides below contain more information about this migration:

[Angular Migration Guide](https://ionicframework.com/docs/angular/slides)<br />
[React Migration Guide](https://ionicframework.com/docs/react/slides)<br />
[Vue Migration Guide](https://ionicframework.com/docs/vue/slides)

### Textarea

1. Update any code that accesses the `detail` payload for the `ionInput` event from `event.detail` to `event.detail.value` as the detail payload is now an object containing a value and an event.

### Toggle

1. Rename any usages of the `--background` and `--background-checked` CSS Variables to `--track-background` and `--track-background-checked`, respectively.

### Virtual Scroll

1. Remove `ion-virtual-scroll` and any associated types. This component has been removed in favor of using virtual scroll solutions provided by JavaScript Frameworks. The guides below contain more information about this migration:

[Angular Migration Guide](https://ionicframework.com/docs/angular/virtual-scroll)<br />
[React Migration Guide](https://ionicframework.com/docs/react/virtual-scroll)<br />
[Vue Migration Guide](https://ionicframework.com/docs/vue/virtual-scroll)

## Need Help Upgrading?

Be sure to look at the [Ionic 7 Breaking Changes Guide](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-framework/blob/main/BREAKING.md#version-7x). There were several changes to default property and CSS Variable values that developers may need to be aware of. Only the breaking changes that require user action are listed on this page.

If you need help upgrading, please post a thread on the [Ionic Forum](https://forum.ionicframework.com/).
